Angular-client
========

An angular JS Client for a task manager. It intracts with an API (https://github.com/kanishkt/Node-API).

Some Features of the Client App are :- 

Settings:
Should atleast have a way to specify the URL to the API

User List:
List all user names. The API should be called only to return the needed information about each user (user name and email). Clicking on a user should take us to the User Details view.
Have a button to create a new user that takes you to Add User view.
Have a delete button next to each displayed user.

Task List:
List task names (use pagination to display only 20 10 at a time) with the name of the assigned user next to it. The API should be called only to return the needed information about each task (name, _id, assignedUserName). Clicking on a task should take us to the Task Details view.
Have an input (for example radio buttons) to show "All", "Completed" or "Pending" tasks. By default it should show the Pending tasks. Changing the input should result in an API call (no filtering on the front-end).
Have next and previous buttons.
Have a button to create a new task that takes you to Add Task view.
Have a sort-by dropdown menu with appropriate options (name, username, dateCreated, deadline) and ascending/descending radio buttons. Any change to the sorting inputs should result in an API call that gets the new data (we do not want you to sort or filter data in the front-end).
Have a delete button next to each displayed task.

User Details:
Show details about the user (name, email)
Show a list of pending tasks that the user has. This should be generated by making an API call to the tasks endpoint with query string parameters to perform appropriate filtering. There should be a way to mark each task as complete. As soon as a task is marked as complete, it should make an API call and then dissapear from that list. Also, clicking on a task should take us to the Task Details view.
A button to Load completed tasks by this user.

Task Details:
Show details about the task (name, description, user assigned to etc.)
Have a edit task button that takes you to Edit Task view
Have a way to change the completion status of the tasks. When that is changed an API call should be made to change the status.
Add User: should have name and email fields
Add Task: should have name, description, deadline and a dropdown menu to choose an assigned user

Edit User and Edit Task
